Deprecate `weights_save_path` from the Trainer constructor (#12084)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/common/trainer.rst

weights_save_path
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> .. warning:: `weights_save_path` is deprecated in v1.6 and will be removed in v1.8. Please pass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning:: `weights_save_path` has been deprecated in v1.6 and will be removed in v1.8. Please pass
```
